docs: Portalicious environment variables check not optional (#6547)
global-121/121-platform: README.md

  - ⚠️ **Note:**  
    Start with deployment of the "**_Demo_**"-instance.  
    This will **_also_** deploy the Mock-Service to its production-environment.

> - Send the "Inform stakeholders"-message to Teams in the following locations:
>   - Team: "510 CVA", channel: "General"
>   - Team: "NRK Thema Voedsel - 510 Support", channel: "General"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Send the "Inform stakeholders"-message to Teams in the locations mentioned in the DevOps item
```

I think we prefer not to talk about internal comm channels in the public documentation.
